Copyright © 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto,
California 94303, U.S.A. All rights reserved.

Sun Microsystems, Inc. has intellectual property rights relating to
technology embodied in this product. In particular, and without limitation,
these intellectual property rights may include one or more of the
U.S. patents listed at http://www.sun.com/patents and one or more
additional patents or pending patent applications in the U.S. and other
countries.

This product is distributed under licenses restricting its use, copying
distribution, and decompilation. No part of this product may be reproduced
in any form by any means without prior written authorization of Sun and its
licensors, if any.

Third-party software, including font technology, is copyrighted and
licensed from Sun suppliers.  This software is based in part on the work of
the Independent JPEG Group

Sun,  Sun Microsystems,  the Sun logo,  Java and  the Java Coffee Cup logo
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the
U.S. and other countries.

All SPARC trademarks are used under license and are trademarks or
registered trademarks of SPARC International, Inc. in the U.S. and other
countries. Products bearing SPARC trademarks are based upon architecture
developed by Sun Microsystems, Inc.

UNIX is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, exclusively
licensed through X/Open Company, Ltd.

Federal Acquisitions: Commercial Software - Government Users Subject to
Standard License Terms and Conditions.


Copyright © 2002 Sun Microsystems, Inc., 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto,
California 94303, Etats-Unis. Tous droits réservés.

Sun Microsystems, Inc. a les droits de propriété intellectuels relatants à
la technologie incorporée dans ce produit. En particulier, et sans la
limitation, ces droits de propriété intellectuels peuvent inclure un ou
plus des brevets américains énumérés à http://www.sun.com/patents et un ou
les brevets plus supplémentaires ou les applications de brevet en attente
dans les Etats - Unis et les autres pays.

Ce produit ou document est protégé par un copyright et distribué avec des
licences qui en restreignent l'utilisation, la copie, la distribution, et
la décompilation. Aucune partie de ce produit ou document ne peut être
reproduite sous aucune forme, par quelque moyen que ce soit, sans
l'autorisation préalable et écrite de Sun et de ses bailleurs de licence,
s'il y ena.

Le logiciel détenu par des tiers, et qui comprend la technologie relative
aux polices de caractères, est protégé par un copyright et licencié par des
fournisseurs de Sun.  THIS SOFTWARE IS BASED IN PART ON THE WORK OF THE
INDEPENDENT JPEG GROUP.

Sun,  Sun Microsystems,  le logo Sun,  Java et  le logo Java Coffee Cup
sont des marques de fabrique ou des marques déposées de Sun Microsystems,
Inc. aux Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays.

Toutes les marques SPARC sont utilisées sous licence et sont des marques de
fabrique ou des marques déposées de SPARC International, Inc. aux
Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays. Les produits protant les marques SPARC
sont basés sur une architecture développée par Sun Microsystems, Inc.

UNIX est une marque déposée aux Etats-Unis et dans d'autres pays et
licenciée exlusivement par X/Open Company, Ltd.
